everybody welcome back to normal and
plays a binding once again applause it's
a daily we've been doing well lately
yesterday's daily thirty four thousand
two hundred and fifty six points rank of
one thirty one percentile rank of one
point five eight percent I'd like to get
those down in the you know below one
percent if possible but you know last
three days one point four eight one
point four nine one point five eight
can't really complain so what do you do
after you've been you know consistently
hidden those goals for a few days all
you should take a break you deserve no
you put another tally in the wind column
you keep that momentum going
the Samsun run it goes to the end it
should be paused here because I'm all
tabbed looking at the scores we go back
to the front page here top score 63,000
tails I know you watch these videos
sometimes how did you do that it's
amazing number two who foo fifty five
thousand eight thousand Point Gulf who
food sometimes you trash-talking me on
Twitter I'm coming for you you get that
I don't know how you got like the
variance of a freaking casino sometimes
you got some 55,000 point scores that I
can't even think to attain sometimes you
got like you know a thirty thousand
point score all right so forty nine to
seventeen 49 to 63 thousand is where
we'd like to be but realistically forty
nine to fifty five thousand will put us
in the top 30
so let's go set here for long enough
it's not an Excel floor so probably do
you want to go to the curse room right
off the bat and we'll get that started
but I believe that you know I I want the
card I'll spend a bomb to look for the
card this is how it like dailies make
this a big deal am I going to use a bomb
to get a card I don't know that's a
tough decision I mean the lovers card is
actually very useful on if we can get a
an arcade for the next floor especially
did you see that dodge I'm not trying to
necessarily over hype it but requiring
me to stand still to dodge the enemy
that's shot in a like v-shaped pattern
that felt pretty good
I'm a believer though you know if you're
doing well just keep doing what you
do you know what do you do when you
slump just keep doing what you're doing
you're noticing perhaps there's a common
trend which is I just keep doing what
I'm doing as long as I believe that what
I'm doing can work and there's evidence
to support that I like it
you know I was always a kid in school
and people find this hard to believe it
it's not meant braggadocious I was
basically like a Poindexter in high
school but I never skipped one class in
the entirety of high school I was going
after that perfect attendance badge not
because you know I wanted to go oh
there's nothing better to do today and
like learn the Krebs cycle once again
but like sincerely you're like I got
I've been there 90 days in a row to just
skip the 91st day sure it might not be
catastrophic but you know I'm throwing
away a little bit of progress there also
it helps that I went to the high school
in like the world's smallest town and
the only thing within walking distance
was a convenience store I mean a lot of
people did skip class but they just you
know hey what you do when you skip class
I hung out behind the school yeah I
didn't learn any stupid knowledge that
could have helped me I just stood
outside smoked two cigarettes over the
course of 70 minutes like I'm not
ragging on you for your personal
lifestyle choices there but it always
seemed to me like you know the time was
better served in the classroom and then
you know that's why I got beat up I
didn't actually get beat up I was I mean
I now we're getting into like you know
personal stuff but yeah you know I was
you can ask Michael al Fox we were like
not cool but we were okay in high school
we were like secret nerds that nobody
knew about
or maybe everybody knew about it but
nobody wanted to tell us so this is
important we got to find our secret room
it must be here get one penny get an
arcade get one penny get an arcade get
one penny get in arcade god
yeah get one penny get in arcade I'm
gonna stop talking about my high school
crew what what can book of shadows give
us here that could save us um I mean it
could give us a shovel geez okay I mean
we don't need to rush but I got a peep
the chance that y'all okay look at that
that is our like crowning achievement
right there got nothing else to do on
this floor this is fine i don'ti won the
Dead Sea Scrolls I don't like Dead Sea
Scrolls but we have it and it can
contribute to bookworm didn't help us
out too much there but that's okay if we
get an arcade on this floor as a result
of our of our actions I'm going to feel
like a dang genius and we did get a
year's upgrade on the last floor as well
that's pretty solid in fact I think that
blue cap oh my god we did get an arcade
he's done it the blue cap is one of the
you know probably in the top third of
boss items that you could possibly pick
up so what's the what's the draw here
how do we like really how do we get into
the top 10% of ranks on the second floor
here
real simple if we're able to at first
stop we're going to get like ridiculous
damage and money on this floor so if we
can get keys to turn that into
meaningful shops for this floor the next
floor and beyond that's sweet
but really that the principle draw is IV
bag if we can get an early IV bag we've
got kind of endless damage potential a
golden key a Justice card that gave us a
golden key and another Justice card this
one didn't give us a golden key which is
good because we don't actually want to
building Keys debatably we might not
even want one that much but you can use
it for the Arcadian shop on this floor
no we definitely want one don't be silly
okay now oh we got IV bag so we'll lose
them sea scrolls pick up IV bag we're
probably at the damage cap for this
floor so I don't feel too much of a need
to go for broke there but we might as
well I mean
pick up money wherever is available
right there's a luck upgrade out of that
as well
oh boys we got this one we are going to
be a little slow just by virtue of the
fact that I mean like it's popped off
already we've had to take some time to
accomplish our objectives here that's
going to happen from time to time but
that's absolutely okay all a golden key
on this floor how did they know what do
you get for the man who has everything
it's ridiculous how much this one extra
penny might have changed the the
complete course of this run so I also do
feel the need to point out as always on
IV bag plus cracked dice is like a ten
out of ten break the run get unlimited
resources sort of upgrade however I want
sure my friend Corey twitch.tv slash
Black Flag do those dailies where he
sometimes not every time because they
take like two hours each do those
dailies Reigate IV bag and crack dice
and it's annoying it's not I mean you
might want to watch it at some point at
a curiosity's sake I'm not saying you
shouldn't watch his dailies because he
like very consistently outranks me
however it's not my style of play
spending like two hours on the on the
arcade just you know IV bag reroll IV
bag cracked ice tea 20 IV bag crack size
D 20 uh you know scapular has given me a
spear at art IV bag crack size D 20 it
is the you know a very very reproducible
way to get a good score when all the
stars align it I don't begrudge anybody
for doing it certainly I find it oh this
is like pretty solid find it more
honorable than like you know just not
fighting and why not not fighting a
delirium because little delirium is hard
but all I mean again I don't really but
you that either you know you got AB you
know play the cards are given if the
game is given you these cards you should
take them that tears up doesn't work how
am i at the tears cap already it seems
not plausible but sack o sacks
is good and it was great actually and
piggy bank I think is just going to give
us so much more money because we're
going to be using the IV bag constantly
that it seems like a very appropriate
choice so it felt fine to me and in here
honestly I mean I'm going to take my
shadow even though it minimizes our
ability to use the IV bag somewhat
because we can generate like a bunch of
shadows off of it so it seems like a
sensible play to me ace of clubs grab
this get out of here I don't really want
the ace of clubs but we can actually use
ace of clubs like extremely nicely with
IV bag so get like a ton of bombs out of
it first things first obviously you know
with the amount of spirits we have you
want to do that and we could choose to
get money here and and getting money
might not be the worst thing in the
world that was fairly bad damage I'll
admit the first time we've been hit on
this run though and there were many
opportunities for us to get tagged so I
don't mind it too much we also need to
go faster we're like a minute behind
schedule because of well because of the
arcade more or less so we do have a
desire to go a little faster admittedly
so just cool it a little bit here hang
demand is unnecessary I forgot we could
fly actually so I think the easy play is
you crack this open with that B bag take
the pill pillows friends to the end
probably pick up that money ace of clubs
this money and then go explore in this
direction down here just in case is an
easier like dead-end opportunity it's a
good use of eights of clubs and you
don't get too many so generally speaking
1/2 red heart allows us to go to that
cursed room guilt-free lovely you don't
get hurt on the way in which I forgot
about on the way out clearly I forgot
about in the way and I should say um
double key room
why not why not right
a four-room rerolls all the pedestals of
course it's very dicey on my part I'm
just going to go for it right away it's
possible that there could have been a
better use for that but again I'm a
little strapped on time here not quite
to the point that I should be like you
know afraid of how this run looks right
now but enough to be keeping an eye on
it number two is unlimited bombs and we
got another key back anyway and then two
of clubs they can just blank ruin right
away and to give us algae's and then you
hold two of clubs and that's like our
ace in the hole for points if we can get
like a you know blank card or just you
know we're never going to have to use a
bomb again unless we want to but number
two does slow us down a lot that's worth
noting because it's cost us boss rush
opportunities in the past if we can make
up like fifteen seconds on the next few
floors like that's fine by me we got a
hermit card we got a death card secret
rooms of course should be very easy for
us to come by kind of feel like we
should just hermit card right away so we
don't the backtrack and then we'll come
back and grab two of two of whatever's
at our earliest opportunity to a clubs
yet hermit card grab this to get trinket
smelter you got mom's purse might as
well grab a second trinket I would love
to have a chance at an arcade on the
next floor IV bag gives us a good shot
there but we want to avoid wasting too
much time infested is completely okay
I'm going to be out of this floor about
a minute behind schedule again and I'd
consider that relatively okay nothing to
nothing to sneeze at at least alright
again
Bighorn every time this time though
Bighorn is not going to say the easiest
boss for us to fight because that would
just be wrong but at least you've got
damage don't always have damage when you
fight this guy trying to avoid throwing
my own bombs into the mix just you know
keep from complicating things
we're almost out of this again minute
behind schedule not too bad considering
we have ten damaged we should be able to
recover alright grab this Jesus juice is
decent we've got a two of clubs again so
we can use that to buoy us a little bit
in this situation now we only need one
more two clubs and we're at 99 bombs
could be a big point boon for us so step
one you probably IB bag you didn't have
to IV bag in there in hindsight but
amnesia and X lags
and these just not that big of a deal
but it is a little annoying two keys
gives us not two keys and a speed
downgrade all right this is where I
start to become mildly alarmed with the
situation just because seems like
there's a lot of things conspiring to
keep us out of this boss trap room but
still a little bit of time to recover
from this and how I didn't get hit there
is a little beyond me if I'm being
honest and sorry I mean we're in a
relatively comfortable position any we
can coast fairly easily here would be
nice to get some deal with the devil as
options here like up our base damage a
little bit pump pump the jam pump it up
while our feet are stumping for example
okay we need to start spitting out more
bombs because we're actually possibly
going to be like two minutes behind
schedule here and you know what there's
no shame and being two minutes behind
schedule there's a little bit of shame
and being late as Kanye West said I'll
be on time for that I ain't thought of
no songs that would rhyme with that
nothing thought of no lines that would
rhyme with that that's I think that's
correct
I'm a punctual person to the point of it
being comic you know if I have to do
something in 90 minutes I will be like
tonight you don't understand I can't do
anything else right now what is the
thing that I found crazy because I'm
like consistently two to three minutes
late for the NL SS but that's a result
of I'm not blaming anybody else
as a result of having to coordinate
other people it introduces some overhead
but as far as you know twitch streamers
go we're relatively punctual on the
analysis I think grand Papa fly here
quickly but in in real life when it
comes to like a doctor's appointment or
something never late just does not
happen I used to have to drive you know
across like from Vancouver to another
city once a week to get there at 6:30
p.m.
rush hour so but you know few million
people live in this area and many of
them commute because you know property
prices are out of control
there's a busy road still never late
unbelievable you said the consistency is
unlike we've ever seen before now they
didn't say that of course that's madness
but you got to go a little faster here I
don't understand lateness but we talked
about this so many times before I don't
know if I want to reach read this this
floor ah that was just very dumb but
this floor loops around on itself in a
strange way like a mad villainy song mad
villain mad villains bent like the album
came out of 2003 cubby slack okay like I
said two minutes behind schedule but it
depends you know are we supposed to be
at work at 9:00 and it's 9:02 or we
supposed to be at work at 9:00 and it's
like 8:15 normally we leave the house at
8:30 you know we can make up for that we
take a we take a turn down like the
detour and the detour is not that well
trafficked we're in a great spot as far
as I'm concerned but we do need to go a
little faster you know against sometimes
you get bogged down in like the minutia
if you're running it's almost the curse
if your run gets too good too fast you
can find yourself in these positions
where like you know you don't understand
I have to go back to the arcade because
that could get another you know 1.3
damage over the course of the next four
years it's the right play on a non daily
but on a daily we got to be a little
and more a little bit faster so gimpy I
mean is a great choice on this run we
only have one luck but it's not bad but
this floor it would be very very nice to
kick it into gear because if you miss
boss Rochelle you know never forgive
myself definitely should not have used
the IV bag on the way in that is going
to hurt probably no we got saved okay
progress we're also like I mean because
of the fact that we don't have as many
red hearts although gimpy will fix that
pretty quickly we're going to take a
little longer to get to our maximum
damage here which is sort of annoying
but we should be able to sort it sooner
or later which is why I'm looking for
red hearts here also looking for like I
mean a devil card is fine but looking
for like an emperor card we can't really
peep that I think we've got a we got to
kick it into gear as if you know our
life depends on it
so nothing here is necessarily worth
buying potato peeler you know the fun
item does give us a permanent damage
increase but it's not really a good fit
with IV bag if we're looking to get the
maximum possible damage bonus just can't
hit that bomb fly I guess cricket's body
so good lowers our effective range but
small price to pay to hours crank on
that let's go let's go one Emperor card
completely solves this because if we
have a devil card for the boss fight or
sorry for boss rush nothing could stop
us and I'm deliberately like not talking
about what our points are going to be
like on this run cuz I'm a little
concerned about our ability to get to
boss rush right now come on dude come
but we're not too far off from it but I
gotta be honest we're at 12,000 here on
the depths one oftentimes that's where
we are on the on the depths to like let
me enter boss rush so of course there's
always the chance of momma mega as well
I should go back for that key but I'm
getting like mad paranoid right now keep
in mind we've also got to make the hush
fight so like there's we got things to
do man this run now that was pretty bad
this run is good enough that we should
not be missing you know important
milestones you know it's our kids
baseball game he's pitching for the
Little League World Series we're showing
up late saying sorry you know my car is
too fast they couldn't get here in time
does it it's it's tone-deaf it doesn't
make any sense
straight up brownie I hate you you're
not dodge able on a regular basis Thank
You gimpy for hooking me up here but I
know it looks like I'm tilting to the
extreme right now but we got to get
right next to this boss to hit them
because they don't follow the rules of
engagement that we all agreed upon in
the eyes of Geneva Convention stop
jumping
stop jumping he's immune to the bombs
heal him the bombs heal him you have
screwed yourself good sir you have
screwed yourself okay now this is still
fine but we need to go extraordinarily
fast we lost like 500 points there dang
it I didn't realize until too late that
number two was the source of all of my
problems there
okay can we still make it yeah why not
right so now we broke our tears cap I
guess I didn't realize that mr. Dahle
does that unicorn stump is like super
cool if you have anything that does
damage and we do in the form of my
shadow but then we have to give up you
know IV Bank and make it happen so I'm
going to crack into that just yet we
don't have anything to kill mom quickly
either so I'm actually getting pretty
concerned about our chances of greatness
here got a people card just in case its
Emperor maybe I mean he responds great
as well so I'm like very very not mad
about that shop if we're going to make
boss rush we got it we got to go I don't
think there was a card in there we would
have seen it nine point eight eight
damage nothing wrong with it
no arcade necessary for certain maybe we
should just be bombing our way through
all these rooms but what can you do dude
what can you do dude oh there we go okay
let's go okay this one's got to be bombs
through no question this one cannot be
bombed through let's go
fifteen seconds there's no time pop this
get that five damage bonus pop-up pop-up
let's go grab this grab this get in
there we did it it was scary
there's death touch and permanent
polaroid invincibility
okay now is all forgiven no no no not
not all is forgiven
this was this was incredibly like
touch-and-go things got dicey er than
they had any right to be I don't even
know what I'm touching and taking damage
here but now we can relax ever so
slightly stop taking damage
another hero font card that's good for
the next floor
we probably hit our own bomb back there
as my guess but this is the dream come
true man we should be able to make the
hush fight easily we're well above our
normal threshold for points here just
watch out for your own bombs don't worry
about any consumables just yet who cares
only worry about you know getting to 50
bombs so that when you pop two of clubs
you get that point bonus
nicely done okay papa a butt bomb in the
center here
I want to crack into the center so I can
break it open and fire more easily
through it there's 50 bombs that means
we can finally use two of clubs or open
the 17 thousands man nothing wrong with
this we also I didn't even point it out
because things were getting super tight
here now I feel like I can relax a
little bit and maybe actually have some
genuine commentary but like we got to
humbling bundle which is amazing for us
and it means like if we can ever get
restocked we could just buy infinity
things on the shop I am a little bummed
that we didn't get to go to our deal
with the devil but by the time we found
the boss fight or were at least looking
for the boss fight I would have given us
like a less than a 25% chance to make it
into boss rush so think honestly we
should just be thankful that where we're
kicking it right now and we're going to
make it in time for hush like the damage
that we're outputting right now that was
so bad but the damage that we're out
putting right now is ridiculously good
dude I stopped
I'm just interrupting my own shots here
so that I don't accidentally put bombs
down and I got to admit like the big my
if I have a regret on this run that's
definitely the the the dangle fighter
whatever the poop monster is called in
this day and age you never know man
you never know because like there's no
reason for me to have eaten it as badly
as I did there but what's done is done
we're here and again we got more points
than usual like drastically more points
than usual not saying we're going for
top 30 everybody should have more points
than usual right now just saying we got
a chance so Ivy begged you know again we
could get a lot of and actually we
should but be careful my thinking is uh
you know we want luck upgrades but you
can only get luck upgrades they won't be
in double pennies so I don't even know
it seems like we're gaining nothing from
doing that so let's just grab these we
should we should stay at a half heart
interval that'll make us better for the
next floor and get the heck out of here
and we did get some don't pick it up
don't pick it up we did get a compound
fracture as well which is really nice I
hope it's Center judges with crickets
body you would think that it would but
you never know seems like we're
generating a lot of Tears so so I'm
guessing that it does do what it says on
the tin
justice card spirit heart it's good
because we didn't really want to pick up
we didn't really want to pick up or use
the hero font card right away pay
attention you know it's kind of hard to
see where we're going here with all
these things on the screen but we
probably won't be able to explore
everything but we should explore as much
as is appropriate which is kind of like
obvious you know you should always it's
like saying you know you should try to
do your best
oh no kidding like I mean there are
probably fringe scenarios in which it
makes sense to not try your best but you
know it's not exactly a revelation is
what I'm trying to get at the tricky
part is figuring out you know what what
is our best in this in this case you
were able to crank up our damage there I
don't know we're not at a half heart
anymore so invincibility is compromised
but it's not that meaningful I'd like to
be out of here by like 26 minutes you
know what sun card helps out a great
deal there moon card moon card to moon
cards always check these at this point
there's not much reason not to
must be at the damaged cap by now 26
minutes very doable I'll even fight the
mini-boss because we have certainty even
if we're out of your Pella geez even if
we're out of here by you know oh that
was so dumb I meant to use the hero fun
even if we out of here by you know 26:45
it doesn't matter because we know that
we're going to be out of here by 26:45
because we know where the boss is so the
next floor introduces a certain level of
uncertainty for sure but this floor is
going fine but we are we're making some
mistakes I'm not necessarily proud of so
let's work around that you know start to
tighten up a little bit we do still have
to beat hush probably the best way to
beat hush is to have a lot of HP when
you go down there hoping to get to 99
keys as well which you with I'll do with
a humbling bundle should be like
extremely plausible just about the
easiest boss fight of all time and we
get a deal with devil so we want this
because it gives us a better base oh
it's like it hurts it hurts because we
won't be able to use IV bag but it's
like almost certainly the right decision
nonetheless because it's amazing I want
some HP though gotta try this that's
like a lot of everything
it is worth it because like have you
noticed like I think our our damage
scales really nicely as a product of the
number of shots on the screen so
doubling the shot output seems to have
been sensible but it is fair that you
know we've compromised the ability
ability for IV bag to do anything at all
alright it will be very easy to get into
our hush fight here it would be amazing
to snag HP on this floor but I don't
know how it happens like Black Lotus of
course if possible not against it to the
every chest it's worth like ridiculous
amount of consumables well obviously
there's no Black Lotus then so guess
where the other easy way would be to buy
a an HP upgrade on the next floor I'm
trying to think of their HP upgrades you
can buy on the shop and I think the
answer is no so we can just get one from
one of the item rooms on the Blue Room
that would be something or an HP upgrade
pill this is amnesia though we'll take
it we'll just take it like I just don't
want to fight these enemies because they
could teleport me we'll take it once
we're ready to leave this floor relax is
totally fine and this everything needs
to be blown up here we got golden bombs
so just make yourself safe give yourself
that extra deal with the devil chance
2.5 percent you never know man 2.5%
deals meaningless until it's 2.5 percent
that keeps you from you know passing a
class or something like that
so I think we might as well pop amnesia
right now we prot I mean we do have time
to explore there's no probably about it
but I'm excited once we go down to the
hush fight we're officially like in the
clear as far as time specific stuff goes
we did get a deal with the devil
see also devil uh guppy items but no
okay so we got basically nothing there
I just wanted to pop that to get it out
of the system here we are on the hush
fight house today is daily going I gotta
say is pretty good
guillotine a prayer card that's tough
guillotine gives us a benefit long term
within a but like a possible cost
associated with it of being hit more
frequently we really don't need any of
this like it's just not quite good
enough so I guess we'll see roon bag is
good I mean we have enough money to buy
something we might as well buy BOGO
bombs and then you know get back to 99
cents well 96 cents might as well blow
this up we got tiny glitter bombs for
some reason / aus subkick well
guillotine breaks the tear cap which
makes me think it's useful but prayer
card gives us a better ability to use
the blood bank in the future but I
thought a damage up and lowering the
tear cap made a little bit more sense
the pill is paralysis I think took us
from 765 to less than 765 so that was
ill-advised but not a huge problem
alright let's go for it here so the
thing that stinks about this is that we
can't use IV bag because we've
compromised our HP but it was
doubtlessly in my opinion the right
decision to take Incubus
if anything that were probably pickups a
little earlier that we could have
ignored on the deal with the devil but
instead chose to stick with I think the
less bombs we output the better for now
so I'm going to try to remember to
interrupt my shots mid shot as most as
possible or as much as possible was
great about fighting hush right now is
that he's got a hitbox that's as large
as the freaking you know Burj Dubai it's
not plausible to miss him with a large
proportion of our like reflected shots
here so I got no complaints on offer
there it's going to take a little while
but think you know as long as we don't
get hit too too much we're going to be
fine it's not conceivable to be like you
know it's never conceivable to ask for
perfection you know you don't have to be
perfect in this world you just got to be
good enough most of the time and that's
you know that's not the message that
your teachers the teachers they're
sending to you but like you can be a
functional adult and be like kind of a
piece of garbage most of the time I mean
that in like the good piece of garbage
sort of way you know not in the bad
piece of garbage like I Drive better
when I'm drunk but you know piece of
garbage like them don't really like
answering the telephone like you can be
an adult like that as long as you get it
together much of the time
people like the system is designed for
garbage like myself to at least survive
as some of your teachers aren't going to
tell you I'm not giving you an excuse to
be garbage I'm just saying perfection is
not a reasonable ask most of the time
sure if it's like a I'm trying to think
of a good realistic example it's hard
because society doesn't give you that
many options you know well here's one
that reflects a little poorly on me but
that makes it the perfect anecdote
because I'm only selling myself out I
forgot to pay my electricity bill like
six weeks ago I get email it's the
danger of going paperless man sometimes
you know you get an email and you're
like all the electricity bills in and
then I just forget about it so I got an
email from the electricity company and
they were like hey here's a reminder to
pay your electricity bill we're not
trying to put you on the spot or
anything but you should really pay his
electricity bill we're giving you like
an extra week to do so and I was like
thank you electricity company that was
very nice that's an example of how
society it's designed to catch you when
you slip through the cracks a little bit
sometimes unless you know that that is
also an example of my electricity
company being very nice though because
you could definitely have you know then
be like we've got another situation and
this one reflects a little bit more
poorly on us as well but also on our ex
landlord do the air irune sick we don't
need that don't pick it up to waste a
waste of points in if you want to learn
more about the residential tenant act in
British Columbia this is the channel for
you
British Columbia being the province that
I live in in Canada we in in British
Columbia usually when you rent a place
you sign a lease it's an agreement
between a tenant and the owner or at
least the manager of the property that
you know you're going to live here
you're going to pay this much rent
monthly and this is the duration of the
contract unlike most places in Canada at
least when the lease runs out if neither
party has given each other notice that
they are terminating the agreement
continues month-to-month so what that
basically means is you know if you're
living in a place you got a year lease
the lease runs out you're still living
in it until the landlord tells you you
know hey 60 days from now I'd like you
to move out or you tell the landlord hey
60 days from now I'd like to move out
we should go reroll skeet order oh we
shouldn't hold the re-roll and use it
you didn't get hurt on it we should hold
the rear roll and use it on the yarid
Ches so we had a month-to-month
agreement with our landlord this is a
perfect situation everyone was happy but
the thing is you know normally you give
them pre-authorized checks oh I know
what year is it but now you give him
pre-authorized checks and once the lease
is over we got to give him a check on a
monthly basis instead so one month
straight up I just forgot it's November
1st at like noon rents due on the 31st
landlord called me was taking a poop
which had to be embarrassing for her
despite the fact that she didn't know
and she was like hey just so you know
like because you didn't pay rent we're
gonna have to begin eviction proceedings
against you I was like that seems a
little ridiculous do you want me to just
go drop off a check downstairs right now
I'm literally I live like you know a few
floors above the office I can just go
write a check instantly and drop it off
and she's like eh okay that'll be fine
you know you I'm not trying to defend
myself but people forget things
sometimes they it's better to assume I
mean we mine per throw and that to be
honest but it's better to assume you
know a mistake then then malice like she
just went straight into these people are
going to try to invoke squatters right
to live in this place and maybe that's
maybe I'm judging her too harshly I can
hear the devil's advocate voice of
Nikolas here and he's going not the
developer the game rockleesmile but he's
in the background going oh maybe she's
had bad experiences with tenants yeah I
mean I do cut her some slack for that
probably that's true but also it's like
0% my fault except that I did forget
I was 12 hours late delivering the rent
check because I just forgot but you
catch more flies with honey than vinegar
man and really the joke's on her because
we moved out and ever since then she's
been able to hike up the rent like 30%
because it's a seller's market right now
so clearly come on give me a second Yara
clearly were the ones who won in that
situation we got perthro perthro Guerra
perthro that's what we want okay you
know that that's my that's my advice to
you if you're doing business dealings
it's always better start with a friendly
reminder you know we have you'd be
surprised we have that happen all the
time all the time you know we do
sponsored stuff not some companies are
amazing about paying on time and some
companies or not you'll always start
with a friendly reminder you go hey just
you know this was supposed to be due two
days ago it's not a big deal just making
sure you got the invoice by the way
great commentary tell me more about this
behind the scenes business dealings but
then you know from that point onwards if
you want you can start to get a little
like listen to your Joker's will got a
ramshackle operation you think I'm
running okay we definitely want this we
definitely want shielded tears we have
these were close to Beelzebub but not
quite there I think everything else here
can be rear old even though we might be
able to have a ridiculous rate of ah you
know what I'll take this just because
it's going to make a rate of fire like
soy milk level yeah okay and then maybe
the other tiers that would take us to
one but I'm going to re-roll anyway try
to get a little better and dude we got
to health upgrades out of that which is
incredibly good are we at bookworm
I do not know no we're not okay
start by doing this give yourself a
little bit of a damage up here so this
is obviously like this run is
unbelievably strong right now
[Music]
is 45,000 within the realm of
possibility I absolutely think so and
what do I owe this to I'm not even
messing with you it's the fact that we
got that fifth cent out of the fire on
the on the second floor or sorry on the
first floor if we had not got everything
else hinges on that on this run sure we
made like what I would consider a pretty
good play to get into boss rush no doubt
about it
yo you want to get a few hospice in no
memeing I'm for real like Kanye West
that's a message I just got from dengue
sling here
I mean I'm not going to lie to him I do
want to get a few hot peas in but now's
not get back to you in mere moments here
damn once I've ranked well on today's
daily on sous the real benefit of on -
straining dude I got to close this the
message box here the real benefit of on
sous is that we know where we're going
so 45 I don't think necessarily we're
going to be at 45 but I think we got a
shot certainly okay we're at the damage
cap I would never deign to suggests that
were guaranteed to be front page but you
know there should be an extra couple
thousand points somewhere to be found on
this run including the bonus at the end
I wouldn't be surprised to see this be a
front page daily and what did I tell you
at the outset here you know Winston
Churchill said when you're going through
hell keep going if you're going through
heaven keep going baby
experience more heaven we're in an
amazing spot here and we've finally been
playing well and earning it I mean this
is going to incur a penalty but we we
already have one rate of fire as lame as
this is there's no reason for us to for
us to go from one rate of fire to one
rate of fire you know it's going to cost
us points in the process it's a
necessary evil
so we do want to pick up consumables and
you know we want to at least look at
items because all come on 1.78 speed
wasn't enough to get across there that
was a lazy play on my part well we'll
pick all this stuff up on the back end
the Gantt I grabbed was actually like a
very very smart pickup and I don't say
that very often usually when I pick up
anti grab it's like oh I shouldn't have
picked up anti grab this case was was
drastically different so we want to
black rune one bad item because I don't
think we've had too bad items ever
dropped do the pencil I'm going doll you
gotta take it got to take it it is
giving us points I do want to say it
it's giving us points I'm trying to like
get another chest so I don't want the
backtrack to get use out of the black
room there we go
super bandage is not worth it gets
sucked son thanks for the speed upgrade
where were you 10 minutes ago to a
hearts meaningless algae's lovely
alright so we're going to be at like
43,000 when we finished this run
basically guaranteed alright easy money
no void portal great daily we're at
47,000 were ranked 75th 76 but it's not
actually 76 47,000 always the top the
front page is 49,000 not 45 still though
great daily today I had a great time I
hope you do it as well if you did click
the like button up said a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time